breaking: adjust how `pushState/replaceState` behave (#16389)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/67-shallow-routing.md

## API

The first argument to `pushState` is the URL, relative to the current URL. A non-empty URL performs a shallow navigation: [`beforeNavigate`]($app-navigation#beforeNavigate), [`onNavigate`]($app-navigation#onNavigate), [`onNavigate`]($app-navigation#onNavigate), [`onNavigate`]($app-navigation#onNavigate) and [`afterNavigate`]($app-navigation#afterNavigate) will run with `navigation.type === 'shallow'`.

> Once shallow routing is active, `page.shallow` is set with the URL, parameters and route id that is user-visible. `page.url`, `page.params` and `page.route` remain as they were before the shallow navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once shallow routing is active, `page.shallow` is set with the URL, parameters and route ID that is user-visible. `page.url`, `page.params` and `page.route` remain as they were before the shallow navigation.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once shallow routing is active, `page.shallow` is set with the `url`, `params` and `route` that would apply to a normal navigation. `page.url`, `page.params` and `page.route` remain as they were before the shallow navigation.
```

> To keep the current URL, use `''`. This only updates history and page state, and does not call navigation lifecycle functions. If the page is already showing a shallow route, `page.shallow` is preserved; otherwise it remains `null`.

Reviewer 2: hmm I'm in two minds about whether it's desirable to skip lifecycle functions for `''`. Feels confusing. Would we also skip them in the `page.url` case? I think we should probably call the lifecycle functions and let people filter them out with `to.href !== from.href`

Author: I would be _really_ annoyed as a user if that was the case. The 99% use case for `pushState('', ...)` is to set some state, and navigation hooks would just be noise. And if you are not in shallow routing mode already, you're not even entering it, so it also doesn't make sense to fire the navigation hooks.

Passing `null` as the first argument will exit shallow routing (as do `goto` or link clicks). This reverts the visible URL to what it was before and sets `page.shallow` to `null`.

The second argument is the new page state, which can be accessed via the [page object]($app-state#page) as `page.state`. You can make page state type-safe by declaring an [`App.PageState`](types#PageState) interface (usually in `src/app.d.ts`).

> After a shallow navigation, `page.shallow` contains the target `url`, `params` and `route`. The actual page has not changed, so `page.url`, `page.params` and `page.route` continue to describe the page that is currently rendered.

Reviewer 2: this feels feels duplicative with the paragraph above (https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/pull/16389/files#r3616836269). I would probably lose that one and keep this one

> `pushState` and `replaceState` return promises that resolve after the page state change has been applied to the DOM. To set page state without creating a new history entry, use `replaceState` instead of `pushState`.

Reviewer 2: these two things are unconnected, we should probably explain the push/replace distinction earlier

## Caveats

> During server-side rendering, `page.state` is always an empty object. State set through `goto` is always restored in the browser after a reload. State set through `pushState` or `replaceState` is only restored if `{ persist: true }` was passed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During server-side rendering, `page.state` is always an empty object. State set through `goto` is always restored in the browser after a reload. State set through `pushState` or `replaceState` is only restored if `{ persist: true }` was used.
```
